#StarGazer

Every 100 years, the stars shower the Earth. While beautiful, this phenomenon is deadly. Humans are paved over like ants, the ground cratering like it has been punched by a Titan. It’s over in minutes, and their victims are left obliterated.
However, from that destruction, a new magical landscape is born, flourishing despite its trauma and rebuilding itself into something fantastical. The village of Alora is built upon those remains. It’s built around a forest that was once victim to these falling stars a long time ago, though no soul in the village knows this. With access to the magical, abundant resources of the forest, the village was able to build itself on good food and advanced technology. This is evident by thousands upon thousands of technological failures and experiments buried beneath present Alora, their ancestors' progress recorded through fossilization. Over the years, the village has become a simple, yet prosperous place full of unique and skilled people. By some evil irony, this village, too, will suffer the wrath of the stars. 
After years of thriving, Alora was awoken one night by bright lights in the sky. The village was soon overcome by a cosmic meltdown, stars descending at speeds faster than imaginable and crushing everything in their path. Stardust sprayed into the air, and no soul could escape. Villagers exposed to the stardust were soon corrupted, overwhelmed by the stars’ magical energy, forgetting their past selves. One unfortunate individual, in their attempt to escape, was completely crushed by a falling star. 
As magic seeped into their body, their soul was extracted and released into the Earth. It wandered free, but its lonely journey, one without a vessel, was short lived. It soon found a small robot—one of the failed technological experiments buried below Alora. The soul breathed life into this small droid, awaking them. Using what strength remained in them, every gear turning, the robot emerged from the ground. Their name is Loid, they have no memory of the person they once were, but they feel an emotional attachment to the destroyed village before them. The corrupted people are friends, though Loid does not remember them, the village is home, though the land is unfamiliar, and they all must be saved, though Loid doesn’t know why. 

Play as L0-1D as you create and save the village people from the star disease. Do this by finding herbs and personal items to craft antidotes. See if you can save all the sick village people. 
